♪ ♪
♪ FIRST THINGS FIRST ♪
♪ I'M GONNA SAY ALL THE
WORDS INSIDE MY HEAD ♪
♪ I'M FIRED UP AND TIRED OF THE
WAY THAT THINGS HAVE BEEN ♪
♪ OH WOO ♪
♪ THE WAY THAT
THINGS HAVE BEEN ♪
♪ OH OOH ♪
♪ SECOND THINGS SECOND ♪
♪ DON'T YOU TELL ME WHAT
YOU THINK THAT I COULD BE ♪
♪ I'M THE ONE AT THE SAIL,
I'M THE MASTER OF MY SEA ♪
♪ OH OOH ♪
♪ THE MASTER OF MY SEA ♪
♪ I WAS BROKEN
FROM A YOUNG AGE ♪
♪ TAKEN MY SULKING
TO THE MASSES ♪
♪ WRITING MY POEMS
FOR THE FEW ♪
♪ THAT LOOK TO ME, TOOK TO
ME, SHOOK TO ME, FEELING ME ♪
♪ SINGING FROM
HEARTACHE FROM THE PAIN ♪
♪ TAKING MY MESSAGE
FROM THE VEINS ♪
♪ SPEAKING MY LESSON
FROM THE BRAIN ♪
♪ SEEING THE BEAUTY
THROUGH THE ♪
♪ PAIN ♪
♪ YOU MADE ME A, YOU MADE
ME A BELIEVER, BELIEVER ♪
♪ PAIN ♪
♪ YOU BREAK ME DOWN, YOU BUILD
ME UP BELIEVER, BELIEVER ♪
♪ PAIN ♪
♪ LET THE BULLETS FLY
OH LET THEM RAIN ♪
♪ MY LIFE, MY LOVE, MY
DRIVE, IT CAME FROM ♪
♪ PAIN ♪
♪ YOU MADE ME A, YOU MADE
ME A BELIEVER, BELIEVER ♪
♪ THIRD THINGS THIRD ♪
♪ SEND A PRAYER TO
THE ONES UP ABOVE ♪
♪ ALL THE HATE THAT
YOU'VE HEARD HAS TURNED
YOUR SPIRIT TO A DOVE ♪
♪ OH OOO ♪
♪ YOUR SPIRIT UP ABOVE ♪
♪ I WAS CHOKING
IN THE CROWD ♪
♪ BUILDING MY RAIN
UP IN THE CLOUD ♪
♪ FALLING LIKE ASHES
TO THE GROUND ♪
♪ HOPING MY FEELINGS,
THEY WOULD DROWN ♪
♪ BUT THEY NEVER DID, EVER
LIVED, EBBING AND FLOWING ♪
♪ INHIBITED, LIMITED,
TILL IT BROKE OPEN ♪
♪ AND RAINED DOWN,
YOU RAINED DOWN LIKE ♪
♪ PAIN ♪
♪ YOU MADE ME A, YOU MADE
ME A BELIEVER, BELIEVER ♪
♪ PAIN ♪
♪ YOU BREAK ME DOWN YOU BUILD
ME UP BELIEVER, BELIEVER ♪
♪ PAIN ♪
♪ LET THE BULLETS FLY,
OH LET THEM RAIN ♪
♪ MY LIFE, MY LOVE, MY
DRIVE, IT CAME FROM ♪
♪ PAIN ♪
♪ YOU MADE ME A, YOU MADE
ME A BELIEVER, BELIEVER ♪
♪ LAST THINGS LAST ♪
♪ BY THE GRACE OF THE
FIRE AND THE FLAME ♪
♪ YOU'RE THE FACE
OF THE FUTURE ♪
♪ THE BLOOD IN MY VEINS ♪
♪ OH OOH ♪
♪ BUT THEY NEVER DID, EVER
LIVED, EBBING AND FLOWING ♪
♪ INHIBITED, LIMITED,
TILL IT BROKE OPEN ♪
♪ AND RAINED DOWN,
YOU RAINED DOWN LIKE ♪
♪ I WANT TO STOP ♪
♪ WE CAN'T ♪
♪ PAIN ♪
♪ YOU MADE ME A, YOU MADE
ME A BELIEVER, BELIEVER ♪
♪ PAIN ♪
♪ YOU BREAK ME DOWN YOU BUILD
ME UP BELIEVER, BELIEVER ♪
♪ PAIN ♪
♪ LET THE BULLETS FLY
OH LET THEM RAIN ♪
♪ MY LIFE MY LOVE MY DRIVE IT
CAME FROM ♪
♪ PAIN ♪
♪ YOU MADE ME A, YOU MADE
ME A BELIEVER, BELIEVER ♪